[Autogenerated] before we look deeper into spring
integration message channels and endpoints,
I want to show you more ways to configure spring integration components.
Besides XML.
As I explained in the introduction module of the course,
there are several ways to configure components,
just like in regular spring.
Besides XML configuration, you can also use Java annotations.
Spring integration AD DS a number off a notation
specifically for spring integration components to the usual
spring Jaffa configuration annotations.
A third way is to use the spring integration domain
specific language to set up integration flows.
Let's look at Java configuration in more detail.
We'll start with the code that we finished within the last clip.
Let's get rid of the XML configuration.
Remove the XML configuration file and the import resources
annotation on the spring boot application class.
Now let's add a class named Globomantics integration conflict
and put a configuration and notation on it.
Spring will automatically find this glass and use it to
initialize the application context.
To create a message channel, add a method to this class with bean annotation.
The method will return a message general object well name the method
registration request so that spring will create a message.
General Spring Green named registration request just like
we had in the previous example with XML.
Now, what should we put in the body of search method?
We will have to create the right kind of message
general object here and return it.
Note that message journalist itself and interface.
So we can't simply use new message.
General,
we'll have to create an instance off one offspring integrations
message general implementation classes here.
We didn't have to do this in the last example with XML.
When you use XML configurations bring integration chooses a
message General implementation itself.
If you don't explicitly specify what type off message general you want,
the default implementation is direct channel.
So let's use that Here is well,
don't worry too much at this point about what exactly a direct channel is.
We are first focusing on how to configure spring
integration with Jaffa configuration.
Later in this module,
we will look at the different message colonel
implementations that spring integration provides and you'll
learn what exactly a direct channel is.
The second thing we had in our XML configuration was the service activator.
In this example,
we're going to define the service activator by putting a service activator
annotation on the register method off class registration service.
We have to tell it what channel relation to by
setting the input channel attribute.
That's all we have to do for our first taste of configuring
spring integration with Java configuration.
You can run the application again and see that it still works.
As you can see, this is really simple.
I have intentionally kept the example simple so that you understand the basics.
First, we will soon get to more complex and more interesting examples.
In fact, before we move on to looking at the domain specific language, let's look at some more features off the service activator.